hi again youtubers so I did a tag video
a little while ago the lipstick addict
tag and when I did that people were like
you are like crazy with foundations you
need to do the foundation tag it didn't
even know there's a foundation tag I
suck in the summertime act keeping up
with videos and what's going on
unfortunately so um I wanted to sit down
and do this I think this is like my
favorite thing why not do this this
would be my favorite thing eight
different questions and I'm going to let
you know what my answers are best
packaging it's so funny I just love
something about his packaging the Marc
Jacobs this is the super genius gel
genius Jeff just genius gel foundation I
love the packaging I love how it's like
that smoked glass I love the black I
love that has a pump it's just the first
thing that comes to mind when you asked
me what my favorite one is that just
jumps in my head as soon as that's asked
best color payoff i'm going to say the
shadow sun protection liquid foundation
SPF 40 to have it in the color SP 60
which is medium beige some places have
the name some places have the numbers
it's a little bit of both this is the
best color pant for me because it just
states like it's so hard to explain it
is the color you see color selection
socks may only have like five or six
colors but it just has it just stays it
just doesn't move and it's amazing and i
have used this for years and years and
years in the summertime every summer
love it love it love it most versatile
the most buildable i would say would be
make up for ever matte velvet plus have
it in the color number 30 so that it
looks like this is a full coverage matte
foundation that you can share down or
build up and it says here the most
versatile were the most buildable and i
definitely think this can work because
you can use this from being very sheer
and very comfortable in the summertime
to being very very full coverage for
nighttime covering up blemishes
everything it just is a really really
great foundation
best for travel I love this for travel
it's the girl on Terra Cotta July tint
beautifying foundation with sunscreen
and I love this for traveling because
it's a plastic tube it has a pump you
can squeeze it up when you get to the
bottom it's easy to control how much you
get you can apply it with your fingers
with a brush over the sponge and it just
it's just awesome for traveling I just
love it love it love it biggest regret
I'm only going to say this one's my
biggest regret because I haven't found
fun i love it that i haven't found a way
i loved it and because it is pretty
expensive and is the Beca radiant skin
satin finish foundation in the color
buff I don't know I just haven't fallen
in love with it I've tried I've had it
for a long while and I just never
grabbed for it and I i wish i had
returned it back in the day when I got
it but I never did and so I keep trying
if you guys know a great way to use this
or apply it let me know um best color
names you know I have no idea with the
exception of the shochet dough what
color names are for the most part most
colors are like not like the ones I use
our numbers like the girl on is not just
called light I don't know I'd never pay
attention to the names the girl ons that
I usually is actually are like 123 and
things like that make up for ever's and
numbers the shochet doze and numbers so
I've never really paid attention of the
names on foundations I shadows blushes
but not foundation so I have no answer
for that least used this is probably the
least used thing I've ever used the
Revlon nearly naked makeup foundation
tint 160 beige I don't even know if I
reviewed it I don't like you can see how
much use out of Italy that might be one
or two times needs to be thrown away can
you see how it's separated I should have
another way it's why haha and then most
used most loved etc has to be the girl
on lingerie Depot invisible skin
foundation
with sunscreen I have this in the color
number two and the number three this I
can use in the summer the spring the
fall the winter any time of year and it
just looks like my skin but better it
just it's beautiful it's just there's no
words to explain how great this is and
how much I like it for my skin tone keep
in mind also for all of these I am oily
combination skin tone in this skin type
in the summertime I'm much more oily in
the wintertime I'm much more dry you
know it is what it is so those are my
favorite foundations for these
categories I hope you guys enjoyed this
if you haven't done this tag video yet
and you make videos please do this i
think i would love to know in the
comments if you did this video because i
love ideas on foundation so i hope you
guys enjoyed this let me know if you
have any questions and thanks so much
for watching have a great day hi